Don't be a Mr. Lu
The world has underestimated you
other girl
Must be tall
Is an advanced guru
young woman
Want to deal with Mr. Lu
Will overcome this hurdle
How is that possible?
No more
How could he be a new grandmaster?
Marching Guru
He is no match for the old man
Don't let me see it, don't blame the old man, you're welcome
The master relies on merit
Not a thief
How is that possible?
This old Taizong is a male slave behind him
Mr. Lu, hurry up
I was wrong.
Where to go?
Please Sun Jiaren
Bad your lord's banquet
Father wants your life
Spare my parents
Should kill hahaha
What relationship
I'm standing here today.
You can't get into this old man's body
Kneel down for me
Tell you creation
The truth was
Hurry up and keep Grandpa Liu